Add v1beta1 API with Conversion Webhook and Cert-Manager (#140)
shipwright-io/operator: README.md

Reviewer: Do we need to update the README to also recommend Tekton and Cert-Manager be installed?

Author: README updated

$ kubectl apply -f https://operatorhub.io/install/shipwright-operator.yaml
```

> ## OLM Dependencies
> When installed via OLM using the provided SHipwright Operator Bundle, the Shipwright operator has two dependencies to:
> - The Tekton operator needed by the Shipright Build Controller
> - The Cert-Manager operator needed in case you delegate to the Shipwright operator the ssl certificates management of the Shipwright Conversion webhook
> The two operators are then installed automatically by OLM.

Reviewer: nit to clean up some of the grammar:

```suggestion
## OLM Dependencies

When installed via OLM using the provided Shipwright Operator Bundle, the Shipwright operator will ask OLM to deploy the following operators:

- The [Tekton operator](https://tekton.dev/docs/operator/) to deploy and manage Tekton Pipelines.
- The [Cert-Manager operator](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/operator-lifecycle-manager/) to provision certificates for admission/conversion webhooks.

For this to work, the Shipwright operator must be included in a catalog that includes these other operators.
```

Author: fixed

The operator handles differents environment variables to customize Shiprwright controller installation:
- KO_DATA_PATH : defines the shipwright controller manifest to install
- USE_MANAGED_WEBHOOK_CERTS: defines wether the webook ssl certificate is installed by the operator. It requires cert-manager to be installed in the cluster.
- IMAGE_SHIPWRIGHT_SHIPWRIGHT_BUILD : defines the Shipwright Build Controller Image to use
- IMAGE_SHIPWRIGHT_GIT_CONTAINER_IMAGE: defines the Shipwright Git Container Image to use

> - IMAGE_SHIPWRIGHT_IMAGE_PROCESSING_CONTAINER_IMAGE:  defines the Shipwright Mutate Image to use

Author: fied
